# CSC-115-A01-Java-Assignment-4-solution

Download Here: [CSC 115 A01 (Java) Assignment #4 solution](https://jarviscodinghub.com/assignment/csc-115-a01-java-assignment-4-solution/)

For Custom/Original Work email jarviscodinghub@gmail.com/whatsapp +1(541)423-7793

Overview Interpreting the meaning of expressions in many languages often requires a form of temporary memory to record partially understood clauses. A stack is often the ideal form of memory for such tasks. In this assignment, your task is to complete the implementation of a simple arithmetic expression interpreter. The interpreter is capable of handling two forms of expressions: infix and postfix (see “Algebraic Expressions” under section 6.2 of Carrano & Prichard). Here are some examples, Infix Postfix Result 5 + 4 5 4 + 9 5 – 4 5 4 – 1 5 * 4 5 4 * 20 123 / 45 123 45 / 2 1 + 2 * 3 – 4 1 2 3 * + 4 – 3 1 + 2 * 3 / 4 – 5 1 2 3 4 * + 5 / – -3 ( 4 + 5 ) * ( 6 / 3 ) 4 5 + 6 3 / * 18 2 + ( 3 + ( 4 + 5 ) ) 2 3 4 5 + + + 14 The expressions contain integers and the operators + (addition), – (subtraction), * (multiplication) and / (division), and in the case of infix expressions, the nesting operators ( and ). Postfix expressions can be evaluated directly using a stack of integers to keep track of partial results. To evaluate an infix expression it needs to be translated to an equivalent postfix version, then evaluate the postfix form. Part 1 Problem statement: Create a generic implementation of the Stack ADT interfacc using a linked-list collection of values. Specifications:  Download Stack.java and EmptyStackException.java.  Create a class called LinkedStack that implements the Stack interface using a linked-list collection of values. Your stack must operate as detailed in the given Stack interface. (In particular, the methods must all operate in O(1) time and must throw the correct exception types. )  Your LinkedStack must be a generic implementation. In other words, the same code must be capable of representing a stack of integers (LinkedStack) and a stack of strings (LinkedStack).  Your LinkedStack should have a “default” public constructor that requires no parameters.  Be sure to develop (and submit!) a test program that checks whether your LinkedStack works as required. Submitting your Solution: When complete submit your LinkedStack.java file to the CSc 115 Connex Site using the Assignments: Assignment 4 Milestone link before 3:30 on Friday, November 2. This milestone is a formative exercise: It will not be graded but its completion will inform you and the instructor of your progress through this assignment. Part 2 (a) Postfix Calculator Problem statement: Implement of an arithmetic interpreter that evaluates infix expressions. Specifications:  Download Expression.java and ExpressionFormatException.java.  Follow the algorithm in section 7.4 of Carrano & Prichard to complete the code for the evaluateAsPostfix() method. Note, the pseudo-code in 7.4 operates on individual characters whereas your code should operate on tokens—multi-character words that may represent a number or an operator. The provided constructor of Expression will divide an input expression string into a list of tokens for you.  Use your LinkedStack from Part 1 as a Stack of partially computed results.  Your code should throw an ExpressionFormatException if the tokens do not represent a valid postfix expression. The list of tokens should not be modified.  Develop a test program that checks whether your Expression code translates and evaluates correctly, and also rejects invalid inputs by throwing an ExpressionFormatException. Part 2 (b) Infix-to-Postfix Translator Problem statement: Implement of an arithmetic interpreter that evaluates infix expressions. Specifications:  Follow the second algorithm in section 7.4 of Carrano & Prichard to complete the code for toPostfix(). Again, your code must operate on tokens rather than characters. This means you will not be able to use a switch statement as shown in the pseudo-code in the text.  Again, use your LinkedStack, but this time make it a Stack of tokens.  Your code should throw an ExpressionFormatException if the tokens do not represent a valid infix expression. The list of tokens should not be modified, instead create a new Expression.  Develop a test program that checks whether your Expression code translates and evaluates correctly, and also rejects invalid inputs by throwing an ExpressionFormatException. Submitting your Solution:  When complete submit All .java files that you used, modified, or created to complete this assignment to the CSc 115 Connex Site using the Assignments: Assignment 4 Submission link before 3:30 on Friday Any file that you modified or created must contain a comment at the top that includes your name and student ID.  If you adopted or adapted code from other sources, you must include an appropriate crediting reference to the original author or source.  Be sure to include any testers that you wrote.

